Remote Desktop Protocol Attack
with Crowbar
Crowbar is a network authentication
cracking tool primarily designed
to leverage SSH keys rather
than passwords.
It’s also one of the few tools that can
reliably and efficiently
perform password attacks
against the RDP service
on modern versions of Windows.
Let’s try this tool against our Windows
client machine.
First, we need to install Crowbar from
the Kali repository:
Next, we’ll create a small wordlist that
contains the password
for our Windows client.
To invoke crowbar, we specify
the protocol,
the target server,
a username,
a wordlist,
and the number of threads.
Great, Crowbar discovered working
credentials for the “admin” user.
Note that we only specified
a single thread
since the remote desktop protocol does not
reliably handle multiple threads.